I am greedy for money
Ruoxi
Stop hitting
You are abusing your mother.
I'm not good
But down payment
I may have this chance in my life
I have to catch
Even if I kill myself
I have to make him forgive me too
Okay.
Don't hit, don't kiss
You forgive me?
No.
It's the way you roll around asking for forgiveness
It makes me sick.
From now on
It is to sever the mother-daughter relationship with Mengmeng
My final mercy to you
I just won't suppress your Chu family
Stop pushing on your nose
And so forth.
Things have changed.
This kid
There is a problem with him.
with him
Emperor, are they all impersonating?
Not impersonation
But now the armpits are in charge
Not Ye Weixiong at all
I'm not your meat brother at all
It's Ye Rulong, Great Sage Ye
What shit heir are you two announcing?
invalid
The first pride of the old capital
Ye Rulong
Ok ok
You big liars
You few pretend to be the name of the wife's enemy
Lie to us, why don't you make it clear today?
No one wants to leave alive